The DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC User Agreement comprises these Terms of Service (“Terms”), the Privacy Policy, the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC rules and all incorporated policies. 

(i) DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Terms of Service
(ii) DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Privacy Policy
(iii) DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rules

DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Terms of Service 

These Terms of Service (“Terms”) govern your access to and use of our Services, including our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services (the “DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY Services”), and our other covered services that link to these Terms (collectively, the “Services”), and any information, text, graphics, photos or other materials uploaded, downloaded or appearing on the Services (collectively referred to as “Content”). Your access to and use of the Services are conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. By accessing or using the Services you agree to be bound by these Terms.

1. Basic Terms 
2. Privacy 
3. Passwords 
4. Content on the Services 
5. Your Rights 
6. Your License To Use the Services 
7. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rights 
8. Restrictions on Content and Use of the Services 
9. Copyright Policy 
10. Ending These Terms 
11.Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability
 A. The Services are Available “AS­IS” 
B. Links 
C. Limitation of Liability 
12. General Terms 
A. Waiver and Severability 
B. Controlling Law and Jurisdiction 
C. Entire Agreement 

1. Basic Terms

You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you post about the Services, and for any consequences thereof. 
You may use the Services only if you can form a binding contract with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC and are not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of Canada or other applicable jurisdiction. If you are accepting these Terms and using the Services on behalf of a company, organization, government, or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so.
You may use the Services only in compliance with these Terms and all applicable local, provincial, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. The Services that DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC provides are always evolving and the form and nature of the Services that DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you. In addition, DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC may stop (permanently or temporarily) providing the Services (or any features within the Services) to you or to users generally and may not be able to provide you with prior notice. We also retain the right to create limits on use and storage at our sole discretion at any time without prior notice to you. The Services may include advertisements, which may be targeted to the Content or information on the Services, queries made through the Services, or any other information. The types and extent of advertising by DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC on the Services are subject to change. In consideration for DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC granting you access to and use of the Services, you agree that DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC and its third party providers and partners may place such advertising on the Services or in connection with the display of Content or information from the Services. 

2. Privacy 
Any information that you or other users provide to DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC is subject to our Privacy Policy, which governs our collection and use of your information. You understand that through your use of the Services you consent to the collection and use (as set forth in the Privacy Policy) of this information, including the transfer of this information to Canada and/or Internationally for storage, processing and use by DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC.  As part of providing you the Services, we may need to provide you with certain communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages. These communications are considered part of the Services and your account, which you may not be able to opt out from receiving.

3. Passwords 
You are responsible for safeguarding the password that you use to access the Services and for any activities or actions under your password. We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your account. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC cannot and will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with the above.

4. Content on the Services
 All Content, whether publicly or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials via the Services or obtained by you through the Services is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications via the Services or endorse any opinions expressed via the Services. Under no circumstances will DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Services or broadcast elsewhere.

5. Your Rights 

You agree that this license includes the right for DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC to provide, promote, and improve the Services and to make the Services available to other companies, organizations or individuals who partner with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC for the syndication, broadcast, distribution or publication on other media and services, subject to our terms and conditions for such use (now known or later developed).
Such additional uses by DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC, or other companies, organizations or individuals who partner with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC, may be made with no compensation paid to you with respect to the Content that you submit, post, transmit or otherwise make available through the Services. We may modify or adapt your Content in order to transmit, display or distribute it over computer networks and in various media and/or make changes to your Content as are necessary to conform and adapt that Content to any requirements or limitations of any networks, devices, services or media. You are responsible for your use of the Services, for any Content you provide, and for any consequences thereof, including the use of your Content by other users and our third party partners. You understand that your Content may be syndicated, broadcast, distributed, or published by our partners and if you do not have the right to submit Content for such use, it may subject you to liability. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC will not be responsible or liable for any use of your Content by DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC in accordance with these Terms. You represent and warrant that you have all the rights, power and authority necessary to grant the rights granted herein to any Content that you submit.

6. Your License To Use the Services 
DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC gives you a personal, worldwide, royalty free, non assignable and non exclusive license to use the software that is provided to you by DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC as part of the Services. This license is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use and enjoy the benefit of the Services as provided by DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC, in the manner permitted by these Terms. 

7. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rights 
All right, title, and interest in and to the Services are and will remain the exclusive property of DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC and its licensors. The Services are protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both Canada and foreign countries. Nothing in the Terms gives you a right to use the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC name or any of the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features. Any feedback, comments, or suggestions you may provide regarding DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC, or the Services is entirely voluntary and we will be free to use such feedback, comments or suggestions as we see fit and without any obligation to you. 

8. Restrictions on Content and Use of the Services 
Please review the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rules (which are part of these Terms) to better understand what is prohibited on the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services. We reserve the right at all times (but will not have an obligation) to remove or refuse to distribute any Content on the Services, to suspend or terminate users, and to reclaim usernames without liability to you. We also reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information as we reasonably believe is necessary to 
(i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, 
(ii) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations hereof, 
(iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, 
(iv) respond to user support requests, or 
(v) protect the rights, property or safety of DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC, its users and the public.

Except as permitted through the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services, if you want to reproduce, modify, create derivative works, distribute, sell, transfer, publicly display, publicly perform, transmit, or otherwise use the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services or Content on the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC  Services, you must receive confirmation from the President and/or Director of DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. in written consent with permissions. 
If you use commerce features of the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services that require credit or debit card information, such as a Payment feature, you agree to our DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Commerce Terms. You may not do any of the following while accessing or using the Services:
 (i) access, tamper with, or use non­public areas of the Services, DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC providers; 
(ii) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of any system or network or breach or circumvent any security or authentication measures; 
(iii) access or search or attempt to access or search the Services by any means (automated or otherwise) other than through our currently available, published interfaces that are provided by DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC (and only pursuant to the applicable terms and conditions), unless you have been specifically allowed to do so in a separate agreement with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC 
(iv) forge any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any email or posting, or in any way use the Services to send altered, deceptive or false source­identifying information; or 
(v) interfere with, or disrupt, (or attempt to do so), the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, mail­bombing the Services, or by scripting the Content in such a manner as to interfere with or create an undue burden on the Services.

9. Copyright Policy 
DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects users of the Services to do the same. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement that comply with applicable law.

10. Ending These Terms 
The Terms will continue to apply until terminated by either you or DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC as follows. You may end your legal agreement with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC at any time for any or no reason by deactivating your accounts and discontinuing your use of the Services. You do not need to specifically inform DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC when you stop using the Services. If you stop using the Services without deactivating your accounts, your accounts may be deactivated due to prolonged inactivity under our Inactive Account Policy. We may suspend or terminate your accounts or cease providing you with all or part of the Services at any time for any or no reason, including, but not limited to, if we reasonably believe: 
(i) you have violated these Terms or the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rules, 
(ii) you create risk or possible legal exposure for us; or 
(iii) our provision of the Services to you is no longer commercially viable. 
We will make reasonable efforts to notify you by the email address associated with your account or the next time you attempt to access your account. In all such cases, the Terms shall terminate, including, without limitation, your license to use the Services, except that the following sections shall continue to apply: 4, 5, 7, 8, 10, 11, and 12. Nothing in this section shall affect DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC s rights to change, limit or stop the provision of the Services without prior notice, as provided above in section 1.

11.Disclaimers and Limitations of Liability 
Please read this section carefully since it limits the liability of DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives, partners, and licensors (collectively, the “DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Entities”). Each of the subsections below only applies up to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of implied warranties or the limitation of liability in contracts, and as a result the contents of this section may not apply to you. Nothing in this section is intended to limit any rights you may have which may not be lawfully limited. 
A. The Services are Available “AS­IS'' 
Your access to and use of the Services or any Content are at your own risk. You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS'' and “AS AVAILABLE” basis. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, THE DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC  ENTITIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON INFRINGEMENT. The DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Entities make no warranty or representation and disclaim all responsibility and liability for: 
(i) the completeness, accuracy, availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services or any Content; 
(ii) any harm to your computer system, loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the Services or any Content;
 (iii) the deletion of, or the failure to store or to transmit, any Content and other communications maintained by the Services; and 
(iv) whether the Services will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted, secure, or error free basis. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation not expressly made herein. 

B. Links The Services may contain links to third party websites or resources. You acknowledge and agree that the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Entities are not responsible or liable for: 
(i) the availability or accuracy of such websites or resources; or 
(ii) the content, products, or services on or available from such websites or resources. 
Links to such websites or resources do not imply any endorsement by the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Entities of such websites or resources or the content, products, or services available from such websites or resources. You acknowledge sole responsibility for and assume all risk arising from your use of any such websites or resources. 

C. Limitation of Liability 
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC ENTITIES SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUES, WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, OR ANY LOSS OF DATA, USE, GOOD­WILL, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES, RESULTING FROM 
(i) YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF OR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICES; 
(ii) ANY CONDUCT OR CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF OTHER USERS OR THIRD PARTIES; 
(iii) ANY CONTENT OBTAINED FROM THE SERVICES; OR 
(iv) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, USE OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR CONTENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC ENTITIES EXCEED THE GREATER OF ZERO CANADIAN DOLLAR (CAN. $0.00) OR THE AMOUNT YOU PAID DROP & GO INC , IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX MONTHS FOR THE SERVICES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS SUBSECTION SHALL APPLY TO ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, STATUTE, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC ENTITIES HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGE, AND EVEN IF A REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN IS FOUND TO HAVE FAILED OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
12. General Terms 
A. Waiver and Severability 
The failure of DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be deemed a waiver of such right or provision. In the event that any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, then that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, and the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect. 
B. Controlling Law and Jurisdiction 
These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the Province of British Columbia without regard to or application of its conflict of law provisions or your province, state or country of residence. All claims, legal proceedings or litigation arising in connection with the Services will be brought solely in the federal or provincial courts located in British Columbia, Canada, and you consent to the jurisdiction of and venue in such courts and waive any objection as to inconvenient forum. If you are a federal, provincial, or local government entity in Canada using the Services in your official capacity and legally unable to accept the controlling law, jurisdiction or venue clauses above, then those clauses do not apply to you. For such Canadian federal government entities, these Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of Canada (without reference to conflict of laws) and, in the absence of federal law and to the extent permitted under federal law, the laws of Canada (excluding choice of law). 
C. Entire Agreement 
These Terms, including the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rules for the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services, and our Privacy Policy are the entire and exclusive agreement between DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC and you regarding the Services (excluding any services for which you have a separate agreement with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC that is explicitly in addition or in place of these Terms), and these Terms supersede and replace any prior agreements between DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC and you regarding the Services. Other than members of the group of companies of which DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. is the parent, no other person or company will be third party beneficiaries to the Terms. We may revise these Terms from time to time, the most current version will always be on the app. If the revision, in our sole discretion, is material we will notify you via a DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC update or e-mail to the email associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Terms. If you live in Canada these Terms are an agreement between you and DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC., If you live outside of Canada your agreement is with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
EFFECTIVE: MARCH 3, 2023

DROP & GO INC Privacy Policy 
The DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY APP is a sound therapy tool which combines a unique blend of audio experiences. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC may be public by default and can include other content like photos, videos, and links to other websites.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how and when DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC receives your information through our various websites, SMS, APIs, email notifications, applications, buttons, widgets, ads, commerce services (the “DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services”), and our other covered services that link to this Policy (collectively, the “Services”) and from our partners and other third parties. For example, you send us information when you use our Services on the web, via SMS, or from an application such as DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC for Mac, DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC for Android. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure, and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you live outside Canada, the data controller responsible for your information is DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. Despite this, you alone control and are responsible for content you submit and receive  through the Services, as provided in the Terms of Service and DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rules. Irrespective of which country you live in, you authorize us to use your information in, and as a result to transfer it to and store it in Canada and any other country where we operate. Privacy and data protection laws in some of these countries may vary from the laws in the country where you live.
Information Collection and Use
Basic Account Information:
When you create or reconfigure an account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, email address, or phone number. On the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services, your name and username are listed privately, including on your profile page and in search results, and you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. 
Contact Information: You may use your contact information, such as your email address or phone number, to customize your account or enable Services, for example, for login verification, DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC via SMS. If you provide DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC with your phone number, you agree to receive text messages to that number from DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services, to market to you, to help prevent spam, fraud, or abuse, and to help others find your account, including through third party services and client applications. You may use your settings for email and mobile notifications to control notifications you receive from the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services. You may also unsubscribe from a notification by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website. 
If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. If you connect your account on our Services to your account on another service in order to cross post between our Services and that service, the other service may send us your registration or profile information on that service and other information that you authorize. This information enables cross posting, helps us improve the Services, and is deleted from our Services within a few weeks of your disconnecting from our Services account on the other service.  Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional. 

Lists and other Public Information: Our Services are primarily designed to help you use our sound therapy tool. Most of the information you provide us through the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services is information you are asking us to make public. Your public information includes the metadata provided such as the language, country, and time zone associated with your account; and the lists you create and many other bits of information that result from your use of the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services. We may use this information to make inferences, like what topics you may be interested in, and to customize the content we show you, including ads. You can change the language and time zone associated with your account at any time using your account settings. The DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services broadly and instantly disseminate your public information to a wide range of users, customers, and services. For instance, your user profile information is immediately delivered via SMS and our APIs to our partners and other third parties, including search engines, developers, and publishers that integrate DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC content into their services, and institutions such as universities and public health agencies that analyze the information for trends and insights. When you share information or content like photos, videos, and links via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public. Location Information: DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC may receive information about your location. For example, you may choose to publish your location in your DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC profile. You may also tell us your location when you set your trend location. We may also determine location by using other data from your device, such as precise location information from GPS, information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device, or your IP address. We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services and to improve and customize the Services, for example, with more relevant content like local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions. 
Links: 
DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our email notifications, third party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, to provide more relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on. Links and direct messages shared on the Services will be processed and links shortened to a http:. 
Cookies: 
Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and using our app. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer or mobile device. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Although most web browsers automatically accept cookies, some browsers’ settings can be modified to decline cookies or alert you when a website is attempting to place a cookie on your computer. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies. We honor the Do Not Track browser option to give you control over how your website visits are used to personalize your DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC experience and ads. 
Log Data: When you use our Services, we may receive information (“Log Data”) such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, use your account to authenticate to a third party website or application, or visit a third party service that includes a DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC button or widget. We may also receive Log Data when you click on, view or interact with links on our Services, including links to third party applications, such as when you choose to install another application through DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC uses Log Data to provide, understand, and improve our Services, to make inferences, like what topics you may be interested in, and to customize the content we show you, including ads. If not already done earlier, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after a maximum of 18 months.

Widget Data: 
We may tailor the Services for you based on your visits to third party websites that integrate DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC buttons or widgets. When these websites first load our buttons or widgets for display, we receive Log Data that includes the web page you visited and a cookie that identifies your browser (“Widget Data''). After a maximum of 10 days, we start the process of deleting, de-identifying, or aggregating Widget Data, which is usually instantaneous but in some cases may take up to a week. We may use Widget Data to tailor content for you, such as suggestions for content you may be interested in. Tailored content is stored with only browser cookies or device IDs and is separated from other Widget Data such as page visitor information. Learn more about the feature, including how you can suspend it or turn it off, here. For Log Data and other information that we receive from interactions with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC buttons or widgets, please see the other sections of this Privacy Policy. 
Commerce Services: 
You may provide your payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address (collectively, “Payment Information”), along with your shipping address, to complete a commerce transaction through our Services. To facilitate future purchases, we store your Payment Information (excluding CVV code) and shipping address, which you can remove from your account at any time using your account settings. We consider your Payment Information and shipping address private and do not make such information public. We collect and store information created by your purchases made through our Services (“Transaction Data”). Transaction Data may include the merchant’s name and the date, time, and amount of the transaction. Third­Parties and Affiliates: DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC uses a variety of third party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting our various blogs and wikis, and to help us understand and improve the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. These third party service providers may collect information sent by your device as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address. Third Party ad partners may share information with us, like a browser cookie ID, website URL visited, mobile device ID, or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to help us measure and tailor ads. For example, this allows us to display ads about things you may have already shown interest in off of our Services. If you prefer, you can turn off tailored ads in your privacy settings so that your account will not be matched to information shared by ad partners for tailoring ads. We may also receive information about you from our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
User Consent or Direction:
We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third party web client or application to access your account. Other users may share or disclose information about you, such as when they mention you, share a photo of you, or tag you in a photo. Your privacy settings control who can tag you in a photo on the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services. If you’ve shared information, like direct messages, with another user who accesses the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services through a third party service, keep in mind that the information may be shared with the third party service. 
Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in Canada and other countries. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. We share your Payment Information with payment services providers to process payments; prevent, detect and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities; facilitate dispute resolution such as chargebacks or refunds; and for other purposes associated with the acceptance of credit or debit cards. 
Commerce Transactions: If you make a payment as part of a commerce transaction through our Services, we may provide the seller, commerce provider, marketplace or charity with your name, email address, shipping address, Payment Information and Transaction Data to facilitate payment processing, order fulfillment and dispute resolution (including payment and shipping disputes) and to help prevent, detect and investigate fraud or other prohibited activities. Please refer to these third parties’ privacy policies for information about their privacy practices. 
Law and Harm: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC’s rights or property. However, nothing in this Privacy Policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Business Transfers and Affiliates: In the event that DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads. Non­Private or Non­Personal Information: We may share or disclose your non private, aggregated or otherwise non personal information or reports to advertisers about unique users who saw or clicked on their ads after we have removed any private personal information (such as your name or contact information). Accessing and Modifying Your Personal Information If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access, correct, delete, or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account. You can download certain account information, by following the instructions here and request access to additional information here. You can also permanently delete your DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC account. If you follow the instructions here, (INSERT LINK TO APP) your account will be deactivated and then deleted. When your account is deactivated, it is not viewable on the website affiliated with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. Absent a separate arrangement between you and DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC to extend your deactivation period, after 30 days, we begin the process of deleting your account from our systems, which can take up to a week. Keep in mind that search engines and other third parties may still retain copies of your public information, like your user profile information, even after you have deleted the information from the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Services or deactivated your account. 
Our Policy Towards Persons Under 18
Our Services are not directed to persons under 18. If you become aware that a person has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. We do not knowingly collect personal information from persons under 18. If we become aware that a person under 18 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the person’s account. Changes to this Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be on our website. If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC update or email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
The DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rules 
We believe that everyone should have the power to heal without barriers. In order to protect the experience and safety of people who use DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC, there are some limitations on the behavior we allow. All users must adhere to the policies set forth in the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC Rules. Failure to do so may result in the temporary locking and/or permanent suspension of account(s). Please note that we may need to change these rules from time to time and reserve the right to do so.
Content Boundaries and Use of DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC
 In order to provide the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC  service and the ability to communicate and stay connected with others, there are some limitations on the type of content that can be published with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC.
 ● Trademark: We reserve the right to reclaim usernames on behalf of businesses or individuals that hold legal claim or trademark on those usernames. Accounts using business names and/or logos to mislead others may be permanently suspended.
 ● Copyright: We will respond to clear and complete notices of alleged copyright infringement. Our copyright procedures are set forth in the Terms of Service. 
● Unlawful use: You may not use our service for any unlawful purposes or in furtherance of illegal activities. International users agree to comply with all local laws regarding online conduct and acceptable content.
 ● Misuse of DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC badges:You may not use badges, such as but not limited to the “promoted” or “verified” DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC badge, unless provided by DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. Accounts using these badges as part of profile photos, header photos, background images, or in a way that falsely implies affiliation with DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC may be suspended. 
● Violent threats (direct or indirect):You may not make threats of violence or promote violence, including threatening or promoting terrorism. 
● Harassment: You may not incite or engage in the targeted abuse or harassment of others. Some of the factors that we may consider when evaluating abusive behavior include: 
○ if a primary purpose of the reported account is to harass or send abusive messages to others; 
○ if the reported behavior is one­sided or includes threats; 
○ if the reported account is inciting others to harass another account; and 
○ if the reported account is sending harassing messages to an account from multiple accounts. 
● Hateful conduct: You may not promote violence against or directly attack or threaten other people on the basis of race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religious affiliation, age, disability, or disease. We also do not allow accounts whose primary purpose is inciting harm towards others on the basis of these categories. 
● Multiple account abuse: Creating multiple accounts with overlapping uses or in order to evade the temporary or permanent suspension of a separate account is not allowed. 
● Private information: You may not publish or post other people's private and confidential information, such as credit card numbers, street address, or Social Insurance Number, Social Security/National Identity numbers, without their express authorization and permission.. ● Impersonation: You may not impersonate others through the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC service in a manner that is intended to or does mislead, confuse, or deceive others. 
● Self­harm: If you or someone you love are considering suicide or self harm please seek medical attention immediately through local hospital emergency department, call 9-1-1 in Canada, call the Crisis Line (in Canada 1-866-565-0445 ) ,Suicide Prevention Hotline (in Canada 1-833-456-4566 ), Nurses Hotline (in Canada 8-1-1). If International then connect with your Local Emergency Department, Crisis Hotlines or Suicide Prevention resources in your country or vicinity. The DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC website provides resources such as contact information for our mental health partners. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC is not responsible for any undue harm which could result from using the Services. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC. services are not meant to substitute or replace medical, psychological or psychiatric treatment. Do not use the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC services if using drugs or alcohol or using heavy machinery or while driving. DROP & GO  SOUND THERAPY INC services are meant for adults 18 years or older. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC services are not meant for use over 60 minutes per day. Please consult with your physician before using DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC services.
Spam We strive to protect people on DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC from technical abuse and spam. Any accounts engaging in the activities specified below may be temporarily locked or subject to permanent suspension.
● Invitation spam: You may not use DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC website address book contact import to send repeat, mass invitations. 
● Selling usernames:You may not buy or sell DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY  INC usernames. 
● Malware/Phishing:You may not publish or link to malicious content intended to damage or disrupt another person’s browser or computer or to compromise a person’s privacy. 
● Spam: You may not use the DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC service for the purpose of spamming anyone. What constitutes “spamming” will evolve as we respond to new tricks and tactics by spammers. Some of the factors that we take into account when determining what conduct is considered to be spamming are: 
○ if a large number of spam complaints have been filed against you; 
○ if you post duplicate content over multiple accounts or multiple duplicate updates on one account; 
○ if you post multiple unrelated updates to a topic using #, trending or popular topic, or promoted trend; 
○ if you send large numbers of duplicate replies or mentions; 
○ if you repeatedly post other people’s account information as your own (bio, URL, etc.); 
○ if you post misleading links (e.g. affiliate links, links to malware/clickjacking pages, etc.); 
○ if you are creating misleading accounts or account interactions; 
○ if you are selling or purchasing account interactions (such as selling or purchasing followers, etc.); and 
○ if you are using or promoting third party services or apps that claim to get you more followers (such as follower trains, sites promising "more followers fast", or any other site that offers to automatically add followers to your account).
Accounts created to replace suspended accounts will be permanently suspended. Accounts under investigation may be removed from search for quality. DROP & GO SOUND THERAPY INC reserves the right to immediately terminate your account without further notice in the event that, in its judgment, you violate these Rules or the Terms of Service.




